almost head-on collision
happened on monday at the start
the fourth evening on the outskirts of Chuguev
skoda octavia followed to the side
Dolzhansky in the area of ​​537 kilometers
the driver is a car for some incomprehensible
for now reasons jumped into the oncoming
lane at this moment to meet it
Moving regular bus Kharkov
onboard but a gift when cities but berries
pantone trailer just something like a blast
it will come up and here while skoda rode
aside from Kharkov skoda aside
Kharkiv passenger car code skoda
it went on this side as well and that there
barbs the bus driver was trying to get away
from collision tell already in traffic policemen
however, skoda could not avoid it
flew into the left front of the bus
as a result, bus damage
insignificant but the passenger car is just
ripped apart on the spot accident remained
scrap pile
understand what kind of car you can
that behind the sedan driver died on
the place has been hit hard and its 25
year-old passenger in her closed
traumatic brain injury fractures and bruises
in a hospital bed Chuguev district
the clinical hospital turned out and the driver
minibuses with fractured tibia and
multiple injuries but passengers
bus luckier more
of the 22 people who were cabin
at the time of the collision the doctors were
inspected only two 40-year-old man and
9 year old girl with bruised knees
they were sent home as a result
unsuccessful maneuver yesterday killed another
the driver of the accident happened at thirty
the third kilometer of the Kharkiv highway
hatyrka about ten in the evening to drive
car vaz 2109 humanity 3
lessons in economics overtaking maneuver
also on a nightmare not finished
maneuver allowed zid to learn
passing u at premku car
volkswagen in odessa 78 fate
as a result of a collision nine
flew into a ditch the driver died on
place and his passenger with severe injuries
ended up in a hospital bed did
the cause of the accident is speeding or
carelessness of one of the drivers
Oksan's experts will find out
nichiporenko anton wishes andrey brownie
television agency news